[doc]: Add create workspace doc (#13766)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/guide/creating-a-new-workspace.md

# Creating a New Workspace

A [workspace][def-workspace] is a collection of one or more packages, 
called workspace members, that are managed together.

In this chapter, we will create a workspace `new_workspace` containing 
binary member `foo` and library member `bar`.

As mentioned in [`[workspace]` section][workspace-section], the workspace must 
have at least one member, either the [root package] or a [virtual manifest].

Next we create a workspace containing [root package].
For convenience, you can first create a package using the command `cargo new new_workspace`.
Then add the `[workspace]` section to the `Cargo.toml` file in the root directory 
to make it a manifest of the workspace:

```toml
# [new_workspace]/Cargo.toml
[workspace]

[package]
name = "new_workspace"
version = "0.1.0"

> edition = "2021"

Reviewer: This feels odd because `new_workspace` is actually a package. The step-by-step guide is not an ideal workflow, and even more confusing at this moment. Admittedly this is the tool's failure <https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/8365>. I wonder if we want to block this on that.

# Creating a New Workspace

> A [workspace][def-workspace] is a collection of one or more packages, called workspace members, that are managed together.

Reviewer: In Cargo's documentation, we usually either wrap at column like 80/120, or at where makes sense and natural like punctuations or conjunctions.

Reviewer 2: https://rhodesmill.org/brandon/2012/one-sentence-per-line/

In this chapter we implement the creation of a workspace `new_workspace` from scratch, in which two members `foo-bin` and `bar-lib` are included.

> As mentioned in [[workspace] section](../reference/workspaces.md#the-workspace-section), the workspace must have at least one member, either the root package or a virtual manifest. Here we recommend setting the root of the workspace to be a virtual manifest. The reason is as follows:

Reviewer: To be consistent, use [link reference](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.31.2/#link-reference-definitions) here.

> As mentioned in [[workspace] section](../reference/workspaces.md#the-workspace-section), the workspace must have at least one member, either the root package or a virtual manifest. Here we recommend setting the root of the workspace to be a virtual manifest. The reason is as follows:

Reviewer: Need to link to the root package and virtual workspace paragraphs respectively.

- The crate namespace at the Cargo level is flat. The tree layout creates another hierarchy and increases the possibility of inconsistencies. 
- With a flat structure, adding or splitting crates is very easy. 

> - Even larger flattened lists are easier to see at a glance and easier to maintain than smaller tree structures.

Reviewer 2: This feels like its blurring the line between a guide-level document and the best practices examples that would hang off the reference.

Seeing this proposed document, I feel like its not pulling enough weight and I wonder if we should first focus in that examples / practices document

Author: Perhaps you mean that if add this section it might become a best practice type of article rather than an instructional one. Then I have adjusted the article to make it more suitable as an instructional article for newbies.

Reviewer 2: > Is there anything else that needs to be changed on this, please?

That went in the opposite direction of what I was suggesting.  I'll have to give this more time to think about this to avoid any bias from my own way of wanting to do things.

> Let's look at how a workspace containing a virtual inventory should be created.

Reviewer: I don't think we used "virtual inventory" elsewhere. Avoid introducing new jargon and keep the guide written in simple English.

```suggestion
Let's move on and create a virtual workspace.
```

Currently `Cargo` does not provide automatic creation of workspaces using the command line. You need to create the `Cargo.toml` file under the folder `new_workspace`:

```toml
# [new_workspace]/Cargo.toml
[workspace]
```

If using a virtual workspace, then the version of [resolver] needs to be specified in the table (if not, the default version of resolver for a workspace is `1`, even if the default resolver version for workspace members is `2`), for example:

```toml
# [new_workspace]/Cargo.toml
[workspace]
resolver = "2"
```

You can then proceed to create workspace members. As mentioned above, if you have a lot of workspace members, we recommend designing the workspace with a flat structure. So add all the workspace members in the directory `new_workspace/crates`.

There are several ways to add members to the workspace, we recommend using the command `cargo new/init`. For example, add the members `foo-bin` and `bar-lib` to the workspace:

```console
$ cargo new crates/foo-bin

> $ cargo new crates/bar-lib

Reviewer: it's weird we call this `-lib` but it is actually not a lib.

Author: Sorry, I must have been busy.This is stupid.

```

Cargo will automatically add members to `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
# [new_workspace]/Cargo.toml
[workspace]
resolver = "2"
members = [ "bar-lib","foo-bin"]

[package]

> # ...

Reviewer: A virtual workspace shouldn't contain a `[package]` section.

```

> The project at this point contains the following files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package at this point contains the following files:
```

```console
$ cd new_workspace
$ tree .
.
├── Cargo.toml
└── crates
    ├── bar-lib
    │   ├── Cargo.toml
    │   └── src
    │       └── main.rs
    └── foo-bin
        ├── Cargo.toml
        └── src
            └── main.rs

5 directories, 5 files
```

> Up to this point, we have achieved creating a workspace that contains multiple `crate` members through a step-by-step process.

Reviewer: I don't understand why quoting "`crate`". Also, could put some basic usages of workspace here maybe?

```suggestion
Up to this point, we have a workspace with two members.
Whenever you run `cargo build` under the workspace root directory, Cargo builds all member at once.
Instead of building the entire workspace, you could use the `--package`/`-p` flag to select certain packages.
For example, `cargo build -p foo-bin` will build only `foo-bin` package.
```
